Page 1
10 MIN MEAL
10-Min
Sticky
Ginger Beef
Noodles
Sticky and fragrant, this ginger beet stir-try is ready n a flash! You'll add chilli jam to glaze the beet anc lash fry some mange tout for a delicious crunch Garnished with spring onion and fiery red chilli, this one will send you stir-fry crazy! (Dairy-free: see our FAOs for details.)
Ingredients for 2 (double all ingredients for 4):
2 fine egg noodle nests
A1,A3
1 ginger paste sachet (15g)
2 spring onions
1 toasted sesame oil sachet (15ml)
A11
80g mange tout
40g chilli jam
NUTRITIONAL INFO (per person, supplied ingrudients only, pre-cooking)
Energy: 578kcal • Fat: 22g, of which saturates: &g • Carbs: 57g, of which sugars: 14g • Fibre: 3g • Protein: 38g • Salt: 2g Remember to wasis your fresh fruit, herbs and vegetables! See your delivery email for use-by dates and other details
ALLERGENS A1: gluten, A3: egg, A6: soya, A11: sesame
You need: salt, vegetable oil
Special equipment: none
10-Min Sticky Ginger Beef Noodles
15ml soy sauce A1,A6
1 red chilli
15ml rice vinegar
250g British beet mince

Page 2
INSTRUCTIONS FOR 2 [FOR 4]
Before you begin...
Get all your ingredients and equipment ready
Skim through these steps
Wash your fruit and veg
Note: Equipment and pan sizes vary. Ensure you cook food thoroughly (even if it takes you a little longer than 10 mins)
Now, let's get started!
Boil a kettle
Heat a farge, wide-based pan (preferably non-stick) with a drizzle of vegetable oil over a high heat
Once hot, add the beef mince and cook for 2-3 min, breaking it up with a wooden spoon as you go
Add half the sliced spring onion to the pan with the mange tout and ginger paste and cook for 1-2 min further or until the beef has started to brown
Add the soy sauce, chilli jam and rice vinegar to the pan and cook for 1-2 min further or until sticky - this is your sticky ginger beef
Meanwhile, add the fine egg noodles to a large bowl, cover them with boiled water until fully submerged and stir for 10 sec until the noodles separate
Set aside to soak for 4 min, or until softened
7
Meanwhile, drain the fine egg noodles and retum them to the bowl
Season with a pinch of salt and stir through the toasted sesame oil
- these are your sesame noodles
Meanwhile, chop the red chilli(es) finely
Tip: Remove the seeds if you don't like it spicy!
Bunch the spring onions together, trim, then slice roughly
8
Serve the sticky ginger beef over the sesame noodles
Garnish with the sliced chilli (can't handle the heat? Go easy!) and remaining spring onion Enjoy!
@goustocooking
Printed by Seacou
